---
title: "Terms of Service"
description: "Terms of Service for the Enveloop.com application and web site."
---

Welcome to enveloop.com, the website and online service of BuildPlane Corporation (d.b.a "Enveloop") (“Enveloop,” “we,” or “us”). This page explains the terms by which you may use our online services, website, and software provided on or in connection with the service (collectively, the “Service”). By accessing or using the Service, or by clicking a button or checking a box marked “I Agree” (or something similar), you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service (this “Agreement” or “Terms of Service”) and to the collection and use of your information as set forth in our Privacy Policy \[[https://docs.enveloop.com/company/privacy-policy](https://docs.enveloop.com/company/privacy-policy)], whether or not you are a registered user of our Service. Enveloop reserves the right to modify these terms from time to time. This Agreement applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”).&#x20;

**Please read this Agreement carefully to ensure that you understand each provision. This agreement contains a mandatory individual arbitration and class action/jury trial waiver provision that requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions.**

### 1. Our Service

#### 1.1 Eligibility

This is a contract between you and Enveloop. You must read and agree to these terms before using the Enveloop Service. If you do not agree, you may not use the Service. You may use the Service only if you can form a binding contract with Enveloop, and only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. Any use or access to the Service by anyone under 18 is strictly prohibited and in violation of this Agreement. The Service is not available to any Users previously removed from the Service by Enveloop.

#### 1.2 Limited License

Subject to your payment of Fees in accordance with this Agreement and in compliance with all other terms and conditions of this Agreement, Enveloop hereby grants you a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use the Service during the Term, solely for your internal use as permitted by the features of the Service and not for the use or benefit of any third party. Enveloop reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Service and the Enveloop Content (as defined below).

#### 1.3 User Accounts

Your account on the Service (your “**User Account**”) gives you access to the services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion. We may maintain different types of User Accounts for different types of Users. If you open a User Account on behalf of a company, organization, or other entity, then (i) “you” includes you and that entity, and (ii) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on the entity’s behalf. You further agree that you are solely responsible for all acts and omissions associated with your access and use of the Service and the access and use of the Service by anyone on your behalf.&#x20;

You may never use another User’s User Account without permission. When creating your User Account, you must provide accurate and complete information, and you must keep this information up to date. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your User Account, and you must keep your User Account password secure. We encourage you to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols) with your User Account. You must notify Enveloop immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your User Account. Enveloop will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your User Account.

You may control your User Profile and how you interact with the Service by changing the settings in your User Profile page when you are actively logged into the Service. By providing Enveloop your email address, you consent to our using such email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as changes to features of the Service and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out or change your preferences in your User Profile. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.

#### 1.4 Service Rules

You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) copying, distributing, or disclosing any part of the Service in any medium, including without limitation by any automated or non-automated “scraping”; (ii) using any automated system, including without limitation “robots,” “spiders,” “offline readers,” etc., to access the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the Enveloop servers than a human can reasonably produce in the same period of time by using a conventional on-line web browser (except that Enveloop grants the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy publicly available materials from the Service for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials); (iii) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (iv) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service; (v) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (vi) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Service; (vii) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service; (viii) using the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes; (ix) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud, hiding or attempting to hide your identity; (x) interfering with the proper working of the Service; (xi) accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Service; or (xii) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content therein.

#### 1.5 Access; Changes to the Service

We do not provide you with equipment to access the Service. You are responsible for all fees charged by third parties for you to access the Service (e.g., Internet access charges). We reserve the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or a part of the Service without notice. We will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Service, except that if we permanently discontinue the Service, we will provide you, as your sole and exclusive remedy, and our sole and exclusive liability, a pro-rated refund representing the unused (as of the date of termination) portion of any Fees that you have paid in advance.

#### 1.6 Service Location

The Service is controlled and operated from facilities in the United States. Enveloop makes no representations that the Service is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable United States and local laws and regulations, including but not limited to export and import regulations. You may not use the Service if you are a resident of a country embargoed by the United States, or are a foreign person or entity blocked or denied by the United States government. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials found on the Service are solely directed to individuals, companies, or other entities located in the United States.

### 2. User Content

Some areas of the Service allow Users to submit, post, display, provide, or otherwise make available content such as profile information, project information, images, documents, data, project plans, pricing and financials, comments, questions, and other content or information (any such materials a User submits, posts, displays, provides, or otherwise makes available on the Service is referred to as “**User Content**"). For purposes of clarity, User Content will expressly include any and all data compilations, including, without limitation, any and all compilations of Users' purchase history and invoice data, and all data therein, generated as a result of Users' use of the Service.

We claim no ownership rights over User Content created by you. The User Content you create remains yours. However, you understand that certain portions of the Service may allow other Users to view, edit, share, and/or otherwise interact with your User Content. By providing or sharing User Content through the Service, you agree to allow others to view, edit, share, and/or interact with your User Content in accordance with your settings and this Agreement. Enveloop has the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to remove any User Content that is shared via the Service.

By submitting, posting, displaying, providing, or otherwise making available any User Content on or through the Service, you expressly grant, and you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant, to Enveloop a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, syndicate, publicly perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such User Content and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your User Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, for use in connection with the Service and Enveloop's (and its successors' and affiliates') business, including without limitation for providing, commercializing, promoting, selling and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any formats and through any channels. You also hereby grant each User of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Service and under this Agreement.

For the purposes of this Agreement, "**Intellectual Property Rights**" means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory or other jurisdiction.

In connection with your User Content, you affirm, represent and warrant the following:

* You have the written consent of each and every identifiable natural person in the User Content, if any, to use such person's name in the manner contemplated by the Service and this Agreement, and each such person has released you from any liability that may arise in relation to such use.
* You have obtained and are solely responsible for obtaining all consents as may be required by law to post any User Content relating to third parties.
* Your User Content and Enveloop's use thereof as contemplated by this Agreement and the Service will not violate any law or infringe any rights of any third party, including but not limited to any Intellectual Property Rights and privacy rights.
* Enveloop may exercise the rights to your User Content granted under this Agreement without liability for payment of any guild fees, residuals, payments, fees, or royalties payable under any collective bargaining agreement or otherwise.
* To the best of your knowledge, all your User Content and other information that you provide to us is truthful and accurate.

Enveloop takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content that you or any other User or third party posts, sends, or otherwise makes available over the Service. You shall be solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences of posting, publishing it, sharing it, or otherwise making it available on the Service, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of your User Content. You understand and agree that you may be exposed to User Content that is inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose, and you agree that Enveloop shall not be liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of or relating to any User Content.

### 3. Our Proprietary Rights

Except for your User Content, the Service and all materials therein or transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and User Content belonging to other Users (the "Enveloop Content"), and all Intellectual Property Rights related thereto, are the exclusive property of Enveloop and its licensors (including other Users who post User Content to the Service). Except as explicitly provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a license in or under any such Intellectual Property Rights, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any Enveloop Content. Use of the Enveloop Content for any purpose not expressly permitted by this Agreement is strictly prohibited.&#x20;

You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about the Service, including without limitation about how to improve the Service or our products ("Ideas"). By submitting any Idea, you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place Enveloop under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the Idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the Idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. You further acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, Enveloop does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Enveloop, or developed by its employees, or obtained from sources other than you.

### 4. Paid Service

#### 4.1 Billing Policies

Certain aspects of the Service may be provided for a fee or other charge (collectively, "**Fees**", depending on the services you are utilizing with us). If you elect to use paid aspects of the Service, you agree to our Pricing and Payment Terms, \[https://enveloop.com/pricing], as we may update them from time to time. Enveloop may add new services for additional fees and charges, add or amend fees and charges for existing services, at any time in its sole discretion. Any change to our Pricing or Payment Terms shall become effective in the billing cycle following notice of such change to you as provided in this Agreement.

#### 4.2 No Refunds

You may cancel your User Account at any time; however, there are no refunds for cancellation. In the event that Enveloop suspends or terminates your User Account or this Agreement, you understand and agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any unused time on a subscription, any license or subscription fees for any portion of the Service, any content or data associated with your User Account, or for anything else.

#### 4.3 Automatic Payments

The Service includes automatically recurring payments for periodic charges. You authorize Enveloop to periodically charge, on a going-forward basis and until cancellation of either the recurring payments or your User Account, all accrued sums on or before the payment due date for the accrued sums. The "**Subscription Billing Date**" is the date when you purchase your first subscription to the Service. Your User Account will be charged automatically on the monthly anniversary of the Subscription Billing Date for all applicable Fees and taxes for the prior subscription period. The subscription will continue unless and until you cancel or we terminate it.

#### 4.4 Payment Information; Taxes.

All information that you provide in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service must be accurate, complete, and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, check, or other payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the Service at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You will pay any applicable transaction charges or taxes, if any, relating to any such purchases, transactions or other monetary transaction interactions (except for taxes based solely on our net income). We may process payments through third parties, such as credit card service providers and payment processors, and your payments through such third parties are subject to the terms and conditions of these third parties. By using our Service, you agree to be bound by Stripe's Services Agreement available at https://stripe.com/us/legal.

#### 4.5 Delinquent Actions

Enveloop may suspend or terminate access to the Service, including fee-based portions of the Service, for any User Account for which any amount is due but unpaid. In addition to the amount due for the Service, a delinquent User Account will be charged with fees, charges or expenses (including attorneys' fees) that are incidental to any chargeback or collection of any the unpaid amount, including collection fees. Overdue Fees will accrue interest at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month or part thereof, cumulative monthly on the linked capital from the due date until the date of payment.&#x20;

#### 4.6 Free Trials

If you are a new User, your Service may start with a thirty (30) day free trial, subject to these Terms of Service. Free trial eligibility is determined by Enveloop in its sole discretion, and Enveloop reserves the right to revoke or limit eligibility or duration to prevent free trial abuse. Users representing entities with an existing or recent subscription to the Service are not eligible. Unless you cancel your subscription prior to the end of the free trial period, Enveloop will charge the Fees for your next billing cycle to your selected payment method at the end of the free trial period, and your subscription will automatically renew in accordance with Section 4.3. You may cancel your free trial by contacting us at: support@enveloop.com.

#### 4.7 California Residents

The provider of services is BuildPlane Corporation (d.b.a. Enveloop), 1059 Country Club Circle, Birmingham, AL, 35244, telephone ‪(205) 547-3096. If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 or (916) 445-1254.

### 5. Term and Termination

#### 5.1 Term

The "**Term**" of the Agreement means: (a) if you do not purchase a Service subscription, the term of this Agreement will be the duration of your use of the Service; provided, however, Enveloop may terminate the Agreement at any time for any reason or no reason; or (b) if you purchase a Service subscription, the term of this Agreement will begin on upon your registration for a Service subscription, will remain in effect for the term of your subscription, and may renew for successive periods, unless (i) earlier terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or (ii) either party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other party no less than thirty (30) days prior to the date of expiration of the then-current Term. You may cancel your subscription by contacting us at: support@enveloop.com.

#### 5.2 Termination and Suspension

Either party may terminate this Agreement for cause, effective upon written notice to the other party, if such other party materially breaches the terms of this Agreement, and such breach is incapable of cure, or with respect to a material breach capable of cure, if such other party does not cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice of such breach. Enveloop may suspend the Service if (a) any Fees due to Enveloop are thirty (30) days past due or (b) you tamper with the Service in violation of this Agreement. Each of (a) and (b) will constitute a material breach of this Agreement.

#### 5.3 Effect of Expiration or Termination; Survival

Upon expiration or earlier termination, (a) the Service will terminate, and you will cease access to and use of the Service, (b) you will pay Enveloop in full for the Service, up to and including, without limitation, the last day of the then-current Term, and (c) Enveloop may, but is not obligated to, delete stored User Content. Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to be bound by this Agreement.

### 6. Privacy

We care about the privacy of our Users. You understand that by using the Service you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information as set forth in our Privacy Policy \[[https://docs.enveloop.com/company/privacy-policy](https://docs.enveloop.com/company/privacy-policy)], and to have your personally identifiable information collected, used, transferred to and processed in the United States.

### 7. Security

Enveloop cares about the integrity and security of your personal information. Enveloop uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information and implement your privacy settings. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.

### 8. Third-Party Links and Information

The Service may contain links to third-party materials that are not owned or controlled by Enveloop. Enveloop does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services. If you access a third-party website or service from the Service or share your User Content on or through any third-party website or service, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Agreement and Enveloop's Privacy Policy do not apply to your use of such materials. You expressly relieve Enveloop from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, service, or content, including without limitation User Content submitted by other Users. Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on the Service, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that Enveloop shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers.

### 9. Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Enveloop and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or received by you; (ii) your violation of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties above; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy or Intellectual Property Rights; (iv) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation; (v) User Content or any content that is submitted via your User Account including without limitation misleading, false, or inaccurate information; (vi) your willful misconduct; or (vii) any other party's access and use of the Service with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.

### 10. No Warranty

The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Use of the Service is at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Enveloop or through the Service will create any warranty not expressly stated herein. Without limiting the foregoing, Enveloop, its subsidiaries, its affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable or correct; that the Service will meet your requirements; that the Service will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors will be corrected; or that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components. Any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Service is downloaded at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or mobile device or loss of data that results from such download or your use of the Service.

Further, Enveloop does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the Service or any hyperlinked website or service, and Enveloop will not be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services.

Federal law, some states, provinces and other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion and limitations of certain implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. This Agreement gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. The disclaimers and exclusions under this Agreement will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

### 11. Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Enveloop, its affiliates, agents, directors, employees, suppliers or licensors be liable for any indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, arising out of or relating to the use of, or inability to use, the Service. Under no circumstances will Enveloop be responsible for any damage, loss or injury resulting from hacking, tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the Service or your account or the information contained therein.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Enveloop assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content; (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to or use of our service; (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information stored therein; (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Service; (v) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like that may be transmitted to or through our service by any third party; (vi) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available through the Service; and/or (vii) User Content or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party. In no event shall Enveloop, its affiliates, agents, directors, employees, suppliers, or licensors be liable to you for any claims, proceedings, liabilities, obligations, damages, losses or costs in an amount exceeding the amount you paid to Enveloop hereunder or $100.00, whichever is greater.

This limitation of liability section applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other basis, even if Enveloop has been advised of the possibility of such damage.

Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. This Agreement gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. The disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations of liability under this Agreement will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

### 12. Governing Law, Arbitration, and Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver

#### 12.1 Governing Law

You agree that: (i) the Service shall be deemed solely based in Alabama; and (ii) the Service shall be deemed a passive one that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over us, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Alabama. This Agreement shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Alabama, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences with respect to the substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16). The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Birmingham, Alabama for any actions for which we retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a our copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights, as set forth in the Arbitration provision below, including any provisional relief required to prevent irreparable harm. You agree that Birmingham, Alabama is the proper forum for any appeals of an arbitration award or for trial court proceedings in the event that the arbitration provision below is found to be unenforceable.

#### 12.2 Arbitration

Read this section carefully because it requires the parties to arbitrate their disputes and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from Enveloop. For any dispute with Enveloop, you agree to first contact us at support@Enveloop.com and attempt to resolve the dispute with us informally. In the unlikely event that Enveloop has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after sixty (60) days, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding any claims for injunctive or other equitable relief as provided below) arising out of or in connection with or relating to this Agreement, or the breach or alleged breach thereof (collectively, "**Claims**"), by binding arbitration by JAMS, under the Optional Expedited Arbitration Procedures then in effect for JAMS, except as provided herein. JAMS may be contacted at www.jamsadr.com. The arbitration will be conducted in Philadelphia, Alabama, unless you and Enveloop agree otherwise. Each party will be responsible for paying any JAMS filing, administrative and arbitrator fees in accordance with JAMS rules, and the award rendered by the arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys' fees and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this Section shall be deemed as preventing Enveloop from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts as necessary to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of our data security, Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights.

#### 12.3 Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver

With respect to all persons and entities, regardless of whether they have obtained or used the Service for personal, commercial or other purposes, all Claims must be brought in the parties' individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action, collective action, private attorney general action or other representative proceeding. This waiver applies to class arbitration, and, unless we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's Claims. You agree that, by entering into this Agreement, you and Enveloop are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action, collective action, private attorney general action, or other representative proceeding of any kind.

### 13. Additional Terms for Mobile Applications

#### 13.1 Mobile Applications

We may make available software to access the Service via a mobile device ("**Mobile Applications**"). To use any Mobile Applications you must have a mobile device that is compatible with the Mobile Applications. Enveloop does not warrant that the Mobile Applications will be compatible with your mobile device. You may use mobile data in connection with the Mobile Applications and may incur additional charges from your wireless provider for these services. You agree that you are solely responsible for any such charges. Enveloop hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use a compiled code copy of the Mobile Applications for one Enveloop User Account on one mobile device owned or leased solely by you, for your personal use. You may not: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Mobile Applications, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law; (ii) rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer the Mobile Applications to any third party or use the Mobile Applications to provide time sharing or similar services for any third party; (iii) make any copies of the Mobile Applications; (iv) remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Mobile Applications, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Mobile Applications, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Mobile Applications; or (v) delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the Mobile Applications. You acknowledge that Enveloop may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the Mobile Applications, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Mobile Applications that you are using on your mobile device. You consent to such automatic upgrading on your mobile device, and agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to all such upgrades. Any third-party code that may be incorporated in the Mobile Applications is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code. The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the Mobile Applications or any copy thereof, and Enveloop or its third-party partners or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in the Mobile Applications (and any copy thereof). Any attempt by you to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement, is void. Enveloop reserves all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement. If the Mobile Applications is being acquired on behalf of the United States Government, then the following provision applies. The Mobile Applications will be deemed to be "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. Any use, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure of the Service and any accompanying documentation by the U.S. Government will be governed solely by these Terms of Service and is prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms of Service. The Mobile Applications originates in the United States, and is subject to United States export laws and regulations. The Mobile Applications may not be exported or re-exported to certain countries or those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from the United States. In addition, the Mobile Applications may be subject to the import and export laws of other countries. You agree to comply with all United States and foreign laws related to use of the Mobile Applications and the Service.

#### 13.2 Mobile Applications from Apple App Store

The following applies to any Mobile Applications you acquire from the Apple App Store ("**Apple-Sourced Software**"): You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is solely between you and Enveloop, not Apple, Inc. ("**Apple**") and that Apple has no responsibility for the Apple-Sourced Software or content thereof. Your use of the Apple-Sourced Software must comply with the App Store Terms of Service. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Apple-Sourced Software. In the event of any failure of the Apple-Sourced Software to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Apple-Sourced Software to you; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apple-Sourced Software, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely governed by this Agreement and any law applicable to Enveloop as provider of the software. You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party relating to the Apple-Sourced Software or your possession and/or use of the Apple-Sourced Software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Apple-Sourced Software fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation; and all such claims are governed solely by this Agreement and any law applicable to Enveloop as provider of the software. You acknowledge that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Apple-Sourced Software or your possession and use of that Apple-Sourced Software infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, Enveloop, not Apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement. You and Enveloop acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement as relates to your license of the Apple-Sourced Software, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement as relates to your license of the Apple-Sourced Software against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.

#### 13.3 Mobile Applications from Google Play Store

The following applies to any Mobile Applications you acquire from the Google Play Store ("**Google-Sourced Software**"): (i) you acknowledge that the Agreement is between you and Enveloop only, and not with Google, Inc. ("**Google**"); (ii) your use of Google-Sourced Software must comply with Google's then-current Google Play Store Terms of Service; (iii) Google is only a provider of the Google Play Store where you obtained the Google-Sourced Software; (iv) Enveloop, and not Google, is solely responsible for its Google-Sourced Software; (v) Google has no obligation or liability to you with respect to Google-Sourced Software or the Agreement; and (vi) you acknowledge and agree that Google is a third-party beneficiary to the Agreement as it relates to Enveloop's Google-Sourced Software.

### 14. General

#### 14.1 Assignment

This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Enveloop without restriction. Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.

#### 14.2 Notification Procedures and Changes to the Agreement

Enveloop may provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such notice on our website, as determined by Enveloop in our sole discretion. Enveloop reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our Users, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Agreement. Enveloop is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply to email notifications we send to the email address you provide us. Enveloop may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Agreement from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the Agreement in a material manner, we will update the 'last modified' date at the top of this page and notify you that material changes have been made to the Agreement. Your continued use of the Service after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service. If you do not agree to any of these terms or any future Terms of Service, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service.

#### 14.3 Entire Agreement/Severability

This Agreement, together with any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with Enveloop in connection with the Service, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Enveloop concerning the Service. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect, except that in the event of unenforceability of the universal Class Action/Jury Trial Waiver, the entire arbitration agreement shall be unenforceable.

#### 14.4 No Waiver

No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Enveloop's failure to assert any right or provision under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

#### 14.5 Contact

Please contact us at support@enveloop.com with any questions regarding this Agreement.
